{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057\deflangfe2057\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\f0\fs24\lang1033 The undersigned:\par
\par
__________ (name and legal form of employer or, in case of a natural person first name(s) and family name employer), established (\i or\i0 : residing) in __________ (place name) at __________ (address), hereinafter called: \lquote employer\rquote , who pursuant to art. __________ of its articles is represented by __________ (name and position),\par
\par
and\par
\par
__________ (name, first names employee), born on __________ (date), residing in __________ (place name) at __________ (address), hereinafter called: \lquote employee\rquote ,\par
\par
state that they have agreed on the following:\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\b Art.\b0  \b 1.\b0  \b Duration contract of employment\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\b0\f1\lang2057 1.1 The employee will as from \lang1033 __________  \lang2057 (date) enter the service of the employer for \i an\i0  indefinite period\par
1.2 The first two months after the commencement of employment shall serve as probationary period. As long as the probationary period has not ended either party is entitled to give notice of termination of the employment contract with immediate effect.\par
1.3 After the probationary period either party can give notice in writing of termination of this employment contract taking effect from the end of the calendar month with due observance of the statutory notice period.\par
1.4 This contract shall end in any case without any notice in writing being required on the first day of the month in which the employee reaches the pensionable age applicable to him/her.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 (Option definite period)\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\b0\f0\lang1033 1.1 \f1\lang2057 The employee will as from \lang1033 __________  \lang2057 (date) enter the service of the employer for the definite period of \lang1033 __________  \lang2057 months (\i or\i0 : for the project consisting of \lang1033 __________ \lang2057 ).\par
This contract will end by operation of law on \lang1033 __________  \lang2057 (date) without any act of giving notice being required therefore (\i or\i0 : if and as soon as the project has ended, but in any case on \lang1033 __________  \lang1043 (date)).\lang1033\par
1.2 \lang2057 The first month (or: the first two months) after the commencement of employment shall serve as probationary period. (remark: this is only valid if the employment contract is agreed for a period longer than 6 months). During this probationary period either party is entitled to give notice of termination of the employment contract with immediate effect\lang1033\par

\pard\widctlpar 1.3 After the probationary \f0 period either party can give notice in writing of termination of this employment contract taking effect from the end of the calendar month with due observance of the statutory notice period.\par
1.4 This contract shall end in any case without any notice in writing being required on the first day of the month in which the employee reaches the pensionable age applicable to him/her.\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 Art.\b0  \b 2.\b0  \b Position\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sl240\slmult1 2.1 The employee is appointed in the position of __________ (job title). [possibly: The job consists of the following activities (description job content)]. In this position the employee will report to __________ (name or job title).\par
2.2 When the employer has a major interest in doing so, the employer is entitled within reasonable limits unilaterally to change the employee\rquote s position.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 3.\b0  \b Work location\b0\f2\fs17\par

\pard\widctlpar\f0\fs24 The work location for the employee at the commencement of the contract of employment shall be __________ (place name), but the employer reserves the right to change this [possibly: whereby he/she does, however, undertake to observe a notification period of  ______ (number) months]. (Possibly: The compensation for travelling expenses, travelling time and removal expenses, if any, shall be governed by the provisions of article  _______ of the CAO applicable to this contract.)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 4.\b0  \b\lang1043 Working hours/overtime\b0\lang1033\par

\pard\widctlpar 4.1 The agreed working hours shall amount to  ____ (number) hours per week. The employee will work on  _____ \lang1043 (days).\par
4.2 \lang1033 The working hours in the employer's company shall be: _____ (times) (\i or\i0 : Except for changes to be agreed therein, the working hours generally applicable at the employer shall apply to the employee.)\lang1043\par
4.3 \lang1033 The employee is expected to perform overtime outside the established working hours whenever this is necessary for the proper performance of his job.\lang1043\par
4.4 \lang1033 The remuneration for overtime work is deemed to be included in the monthly salary (\i or\i0 : Overtime if ordered by the employer is paid by a remuneration of __________  (amount and currency) gross per hour, whereby overtime will be deemed to be the extra time worked from _____  minutes after the end of the normal working hours).\lang1043\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\lang1033 Art.\b0  \b 5.\b0  \b Remuneration. Monthly salary (and bonus)\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 5.1 The employee shall, in case of full-time employment, receive a salary of _____  (amount and currency) gross per month (\i or\i0 : per four-weekly period), payable on the last day of each month (\i or\i0 : period).\par
5.2 [possibly: The employee is entitled to a bonus, which to the discretionary power of the employer may be attributed, according to a bonus scheme (see attachment). The employer reserves the right to unilaterally change the bonus scheme. Any bonus attributed will have no influence on possible pension rights, holiday payments, severance payments or any other benefit.]\par
5.3 The employee takes part in the share option scheme that has been appended to this contract.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 6.\b0  \b Expenses\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 6.1 The expenses reasonably incurred by the employee within the context of the performance of his/her job will be reimbursable to the employee on presentation of \i an\i0  itemized claim, [possibly: as far as these amounts can be paid without tax consequences for the employer]. \par
6.2 The (commuter traffic and other) travelling expenses with a private car or with public transport (2\super nd\nosupersub  class) shall be reimbursed by the employer in so \i far\i0  as the employee is not liable to taxation on this.\par
6.3 The employer will reimburse the employee for the costs of the use of a mobile phone/second telephone connection up to \i an\i0  amount of _____  (amount) per month, on condition that the use by the employee of this telephone for business purposes exceeds 10%.\par
6.4 If and as soon as the employee has been suspended and if and as soon as the employee does not perform any activities for more than _____  consecutive months for other reasons, the entitlement to the reimbursements referred to in this Article will lapse. In addition, the employer considers himself justified to withdraw this expense allowance or to change its conditions, if its unchanged continuation is cost-increasing for the employer due to changes in tax regulations.\b\par
\b0 The commuter traffic travelling expenses shall be paid by the employer insofar as the employee is not liable to taxation on this and in any case when the employer starts to apply the work-related costs scheme.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 7.\b0  \b Operating assents\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 7.1 The employer will make a laptop available to the employee for the performance of his job, on condition that the employee\rquote s use thereof for private purposes does not exceed 10%.\par
7.2 The employer will make a mobile phone available to the employee and will reimburse the costs for its use up to _____  (amount) per month, on condition that the employee\rquote s use thereof for business purposes is at least 10%.\par
7.3 The employer will make a car available with a listed value of _____  (amount) available to the employee for the performance of his job [possibly: The employer will make a car available up till a monthly amount of _____] .\par
7.4 At the risk of forfeiting the right to these assets, the employee is obliged to use any assets provided by the employer as befits a good employee, and in particular not to perform any acts that are in conflict with the law.\par
7.5 If and as soon as the employment terminates or the employee is suspended, and if and as soon as the employee does not perform any activities for more than _____  consecutive months for other reasons, the employee will be obliged to return the assets that have been made available to him/her by the employer to the latter. Furthermore, the employer considers himself justified to terminate the availability of these business assets or to change the conditions therefor if its unchanged continuation is cost-increasing for the employer due to changes in tax regulations.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 8.\b0  \b Holidays\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.1 Per holiday year (\i or\i0 : calendar year), running from _____   to _____  (dates), the employee in full-time employment is entitled to ... (number) paid statutory minimum holidays (\i optionally\i0 : and _____   holidays over and above the statutory minimum), to be taken in consultation with the employer. In case of part-time employment this entitlement will be adjusted proportionately. The holidays shall be built up in proportion to the duration of the employment contract during the holiday year (\i or\i0 : calendar year).\par
8.2 The statutory holidays shall be taken, subject to forfeiture, not later than 6 months after the last day of the calendar year in which the entitlement has been acquired, unless the employee has until such time not been reasonably able to take any holidays.\par
8.3 During the term of the employment contract the employee can relinquish the holidays over and above the statutory minimum against reimbursement.\par
8.4 Per holiday allowance year, running from 1 June of any year to 1 June of the next year, the employee is entitled to holiday allowance of _____  % of the gross salary received in that holiday allowance year (without bonus), to be paid in the month of June of every year.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 9.\b0  \b Incapacity for work\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar 9.1 If the employee, as a result of sickness, is incapable of performing the contracted work, he/she shall be obliged, also during holidays, to inform the employer as soon as possible but in any case before _____  (time), unless this is impossible due to circumstances beyond the employee's control.\par
9.2 In case the employee has not performed the contracted work because he/she was prevented from doing so as a result of sickness,  the employer shall, if and as long as the employment contract continues, for the first 52 weeks keep paying _____ % of the salary referred to in Article 5 paragraph 1 [possibly: but not more than \'85% of the maximum daily allowance according to art. 17 Wet Financiering sociale verzekeringen], or at least the minimum wage applicable to the employee, and for the next 52 weeks _____ % of the salary referred to in Article 5 paragraph 1 [possibly: but not more than _____ % of the maximum daily allowance according to art. 17 Wet Financiering sociale verzekeringen]. Periods of incapacity for work shall be counted together if they succeed each other with \i an\i0  interruption of less than 4 weeks. If the incapacity for work continues after this period of 104 weeks, the employer will not be obliged any longer to keep paying wages, unless otherwise provided for by law. In case of pregnancy or maternity the employee will be paid according to the Wet Arbeid en Zorg. \par
9.3 The employee will not be entitled to the continued payment of wages when any of the situations as described in Article 7:629 paragraph 3 Civil Code (\i Burgerlijk Wetboek\i0 ) applies.\par
9.4 The employer is entitled to suspend the continued payment of wages referred to in this Article for the period during which the employee The does not comply with reasonable written instructions given by the employer about the provision of information needed by the employer to determine the right to wages.\par
9.5 The payment of wages referred to in this Article shall be reduced by the amount of any pecuniary benefit to which the employee is entitled, pursuant to \i an\i0  insurance prescribed by law or to \i an\i0  insurance from a fund in which the employee does not participate, in so \i far\i0  as such benefit relates to the agreed work from which the remuneration is enjoyed, as well as the amount of the income enjoyed by the employee in employment or without there being a relationship of employment for work which he/she has performed during the period when he/she could have performed the agreed work had he/she not been prevented.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 10.\b0  \b Pension scheme and other schemes\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar 10.1 A (\i or\i0 : no) pension agreement will be offered to the employee.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 11.\b0  \b Training\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar 11.1 At the employer\rquote s request, the employee will be obliged periodically, also outside working hours, to attend retraining and refresher courses of which the costs will be borne by the employer.\par
11.2 The employer will pay the costs of any training agreed in writing with the employee. Upon departure on the employee\rquote s initiative the employee shall pay back the training costs to the employer in accordance with the following phase-out scheme:\par
   -  in case of departure within 1 year after commencement of the training: 100% of the   training costs;\par
   -  in case of departure between 1 and 2 years after commencement of the training: 66%;\par
   -  in case of departure between 2 and 3 years after commencement of the training: 33%.\par
The repayment obligation lapses 3 years after commencement of the training. Training costs will be understood to mean  _________ (specify all elements such as travelling expenses, hours off, study materials, course fee).\par
\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Art.\b0  \b 12.\b0  \b Secrecy/ancillary activities/relation/competition/fine\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\b0\f1\lang2057 (remark: art. 12.1/12.4 is only valid in an employment agreement voor indefinit time, \i or\i0  in a contract for a definit time if it is pointed out in the contract that the employer has important reasons (\lquote zwaarwegend bedrijfsbelangen\rquote ) to stipulate a non-compete clause).\f0\lang1033\par

\pard\widctlpar 12.1 It is forbidden for the employee, both during the employment contract and after its expiry, in any way whatsoever to disclose to third parties, directly or indirectly, in any form and in any sense whatsoever, any particulars of or concerning which he/she has obtained knowledge in the performance of his/her duties in connection with the business and interests of the employer and of undertakings allied with the employer.\par
12.2 It is forbidden for the employee during the term of the employment contract to perform ancillary activities for another employer or principal, whether directly or indirectly, and to do business for his/her own account, subject to the employer\rquote s prior permission.\par
12.3 It is forbidden for the employee within a period of  _____ (number) years/month\rquote s after termination of the employment contract to have business contacts with relations of the employer or with undertakings allied with the employer.\par
12.4 It is forbidden for the employee within a period of  _____ (number) years/month\rquote s after termination of the employment contract, within a circle with the employer as the center and with a radius of  _____  (number) kilometers [possibly: in the Netherlands/other area], in any form, directly or indirectly, to be working, of assistance or involved in \i an\i0  undertaking identical, similar or related to the employer\rquote s undertaking, whether for a consideration or for no consideration, or to have a share therein of any kind whatsoever, unless the employee has obtained the prior written permission therefor from the employer, which permission the employer may subject to conditions.\par
12.5 In the event of infringement of the above prohibitions the employee shall forfeit to the employer a fine payable forthwith and at once, without a warning or notice of default being required, amounting to  _____  (amount and currency) per infringement and for each day or part thereof that the infringement continues, without prejudice to the employer\rquote s right to claim full damages instead of such a fine. For the employer, any infringement of these prohibitions during the existence of the employment contract shall form \i an\i0  important reason for summary dismissal as referred to in subparagraph i of article 7:678 paragraph 2 Civil Code (\i Burgerlijk Wetboek\i0 ) and can give him/her reason to report the commission of the crime described in article 273 Criminal Code (\i Wetboek van Strafrecht\i0 ).\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 13.\b0  \b Intellectual property rights\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 The employer shall at home and abroad be entitled to the intellectual property rights resulting from the employee\rquote s activities during the employment contract and for a year after its termination.\par
Upon request the employee shall disclose all information and perform all formalities which are necessary to enable the employer to acquire the registration in his name of the rights referred to in the first paragraph, the latter if necessary after initial application in the name of the employee, through the assignment to the employer's name.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art. 14. Applicable CAO and other arrangments\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 14.1 This employment contract shall be governed by the provisions of the CAO (collective labour agreement) for the _____  \lang1043 (applicable CAO) as it reads or will read.\lang1033\par
14.2 By signing this employment contract the employee declares that he/she is familiar with and agrees to the provisions from the employer\rquote s personnel manual/terms and conditions of employment, which will be appended to this contract.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 15.\b0  \b Changes clause\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0 The employer has the power unilaterally to change the above terms and conditions of employment when he has such a major interest therein that it outweighs the interests of the employee in accordance with the standard of reasonableness.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b Art.\b0  \b 16.\b0  \b Applicable law\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar This employment contract shall be governed by Dutch law.\par
Agreed upon and drawn up in duplicate, initialled on each page and signed in \lang1043  \lang1033 _____ \lang1043  \lang1033  \lang1043 (place name), on \lang1033 _____ \lang1043  (date)\par
\par
__________ (signature employer) \par
\par
__________ (signature employee)\par
\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\par
}
 
